India, as a developing country has tremendous opportunities in promoting business irrespective of the domain. When there is demand, there’s a business opportunity. And considering the population of India, there’s a lot of scope of generating money out of it. But how to reach these people? How to promote the business?
Globalization has taken over the market in major fields; has restructured the psychology of Indians about the “brands” in the market. When establishing a product, you are not only competing with small or medium-scale companies but also some globalised big sharks. Giving a challenge to these guys is a hell tedious job. But every big shark was once a baby, then how did it grow? Well, let me you take you my strategy and explain my perception about perceiving the market. 
Before even setting up the company, as yourself: Why this product? Where will it be used? Who will use it? When will you use the product? What will you & customer receive? How this is going to change the demand and the current market scenario?
If you get answers to all these questions, you are on your way to establishing next Google Inc. 
The basic principle is first understanding your own product and it’s use. Make people understand about the use and how is it going to benefit the. How is it making their lives better? Thankfully, in the modern digitizing world you can express and sell all these on different platforms. The key here is branding. Give an unique identity to your company and it’s product. I mean, who is going to reject Versace or Michael Kors? Even if they have same material as different companies, these companies will make tremendous profits with just their logos. Brand your company, make people see your company and product everywhere. Make them realise how is it different? And it’s the best they could get. Do it on every platform available, offline and online. Introduce websites and applications for the same. Promote them. Now market the products. With these products, you need to sell the feeling of having your product. They should feel elevated. If these things are done, believe me your products will sell. It will generate revenue. A lot. Promote the idea of using your product and neglect every other product. 
The other medium is referrals. Ask people to refer you products to other people in the beginning. Once you flourish, people will automatically refer your product. 

